Bug 1934152: using Tang is supported on vSphere (#33577)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-special-config-storage.adoc

There are two different supported encryption modes:

* TPM v2: This is the preferred mode. TPM v2 stores passphrases in a secure cryptoprocessor.
* Tang: To use Tang to encrypt your cluster, you need to use a Tang server. Clevis implements decryption on the client side.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The use of Tang encryption mode to encrypt your disks is only supported for bare metal and vSphere UPI installs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of Tang encryption mode to encrypt your disks is only supported for bare metal and vSphere installations on user-provisioned infrastructure.
```
(We no longer refer to UPI/IPI and thus need to spell it out here. Thanks!)
